# Changelog

### 1.0 (2023.10.09)
- Initial release.

### 1.1
- Add an option for encrypting cookie values for added security.

### 1.2
- Implement the cookie import/export feature.

### 1.3
- Log cookie usage, and provide reporting tools for administrators.

### 1.4 (2023.10.10)
- Reduce the code duplication and make the code more maintainable.

### 1.5
- Clean up and remove any database tables on uninstall that were created by the plugin.

### 1.6
- Added 'mn_' prefix for all custom function names.

### 1.7
- Implement the feature to automatically scan and identify cookies being set on the websites within the multisite network.

### 1.7.1
- Resolve the PHP Fatal error, bug fixes.

### 1.8
- Added error handling and logging features.
   - **WP_DEBUG** configurations are mentioned at the top as a reminder to enable them during development.
   - A `mn_log_error` function has been introduced for standardized error logging throughout the plugin.
   - Error handling has been added to the `mn_get_cookie_expiration`, `mn_create_cookie_usage_table`, and `mn_log_cookie_usage` functions to log database errors and other issues to the error log.
   - In the `mn_log_cookie_usage` function, a check has been added on the result of the `$wpdb->insert()` method call to log any errors that occur during the database insert operation.

### 1.8.1
- Rename of the main plugin file.

### 1.8.2
- Minor fixes on the plugin name in to the README.md file.

### 1.8.3
- Minor form layout and style changes.

### 1.9
- Make the plugin accessible in the admin area of all sites in a multisite network.

### 2.0 (2023.10.11)
- Major bug fixes and improvements, adding of additional error checking, sanitize JSON data, changing the name of the cookie.
    - Sanitize and handle the JSON data correctly when saving and retrieving it from the database.
    - Enable error reporting to catch any PHP errors or warnings that might be occurring.
    - Display the raw data being saved to the database on the settings page for debugging purposes.
    - Modifying `mn_get_cookie_expiration` and `mn_cookie_settings_page` functions to use `get_blog_option` and `update_blog_option` instead of `get_site_option` and `update_site_option`.
    - The cookie name will have the format `__site_name_blog_id`, where `site_name` is the name of the site (with spaces replaced by underscores and converted to lowercase), and `blog_id` is the ID of the current blog.
    - Added more detailed explanation of how the plugin works in to the README.md file.

### 2.0.1
- Added additional function for the css styles of the plugin admin, added minor styling to the plugin admin debug info, removed all inline css, minor fixes on the plugin description in to the README.md file.

### 2.0.2
- The `cookie_value` of the custom cookie will contain both the session ID and geolocation data, which can be parsed on the server or client-side as needed.
    - The `mn_get_geolocation_data()` function is called to obtain the geolocation data.
    - The session ID is either retrieved from an existing cookie or generated anew using `wp_generate_uuid4()`.
    - The cookie_value is constructed as a JSON object containing the session ID and geolocation data.
    - The `setcookie()` function is called to set the custom cookie with the new cookie_value.
    - Optionally, a separate session ID cookie is set if it doesn’t already exist.
- Modify the Database Table Structure:
    - Update the database table structure to include new columns for storing geo-location and session data.
- Log Geo-location and Session Data:
    - Update the `mn_log_cookie_usage()` function to log geo-location and user session data along with the cookie data.  
- Display Geo-location and Session Data:
    - Update the `mn_cookie_reporting_page()` function to display the geo-location and session data in the Cookie Report table.

### 2.0.3
- Use a transient to cache the geolocation data, added deactivation hook, bug fixes and improvements.

### 2.0.4
- Bug fixes, also only the cookie with the unique name generated by the plugin will be processed and logged to the database and only will be displayed the information for the cookies set by the plugin.